# UX-Nanodegree-Projects

# Learning Reflection Write-up
## Goal:
As a UX case study, I have designed a weight loss Mobile Application to help people lose weight quickly. I am aware that weight loss and a healthy lifestyle has been bold for a while and has massive marketing for advertisement.
I created this plan because I wanted to find a great solution, especially for those who have 9-5 jobs and have other priorities in their lives.
For this project, I have created interview questions to understand users' needs and understand the challenge. Then I interviewed five working women. I also prepared a survey and distributed it among multiple users in social media diet groups. The purpose was to determine the essential pain points of users, which was time management problems to have a healthy lifestyle.
After the user journey, I summarized all the notes from users' pain points on an Affinity map diagram to group the needs and pain points into similar categories. For Affinity mapping, I used (miro.com) and prioritized the essential features for users and the application after that. I also created paper sketches, low-Fi design, and task flow and jumped to Hi-Fi prototype using Figma. Also, I have used Zeplin to export my prototype file to generate development resources. Finally, the loopback usability test helped me have practical and helpful feedback from my users on my design usability.
During the journey, I got essential findings based on my first iteration feedback from users, which helped me improve my work and get a better result. For example, I have added the "initial setup" right after registration for the first iteration. On a testing step, I realized users aiming to skip the step and jump to the main menu; then I have decided to add an option to skip the step and go straight to the main menu for those who refuse to do the task. I have also added a tab in the bottom navbar for setting up personal and nutrition goals on the same page.
I had some constraints drawing the project; the most important one was time constraints. Due to time constraints, the pain points of my projects are based on five personal experiences. I assume if I could get more data, the result could be more real and more evolving.
As my final thoughts, I believe I came up with a good result because, during the research, I looked into different weight loss applications and other designs. Although there is no single solution yet for the weight loss problem, based on my usability feedback, I got the idea that I pretty much met the users' needs, and some parts still need to take into consideration.
